Thank you so much for not practicing your English.
Your call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message system.
48090989 is not available.
At the tone, please record your message.
When you have finished recording, you may hang up or press one for more options.
Hey! What's up, man?
I just want to thank you for not practicing your English.
Since you decided to give up on your goal of becoming fluent
I was able to get into the last available spot in Tony Kaizen's group classes.
He's such a great teacher. He's the main reason I got into the exchange program.
You know, that program we have been dreaming about for so long.
It's too bad you couldn't go with me.
Anyway, you won't believe this.
With all the stuff I learned from Tony I was able to express myself
And make friends during my time in the U.S.
I met some really cool guys who work for a multinational company,
And they ended up helping me get a job there.
The company sponsored my visa and now I'm living in sunny San Diego, California.
Just 10 minutes from the beach. It really is like a dream.
Moving to California was your dream, wasn't it?
Anyway, I made a great connection with my boss and he taught me so much about life and business.
He even explained to me what I needed to do in order to start my own business.
It was scary at first, but after so much time speaking in English
And learning about American culture,
I knew I'd be able to make great business connections
And sell directly to the customers who love my products and services.
After just a few short years,
I hired a sales team and a few managers to run the business for me.
Now I only work about 10 hours a week
And I spend the rest of my time traveling the world like I always dreamed about.
Traveling the world was your dream too, wasn't it?
Anyway, I'm just calling to say thank you, man.
If you hadn't given up on your dream,
I never would have been able to take those classes with Tony,
Qualify for the exchange program, find a job, start a business, or travel the world.
It's all thanks to your lack of dedication that I could take advantage of your missed opportunity.
Thank you so much for not practicing your English. Peace!